Shaders (#17)
Lokathor/learn-gfx-hal: book/src/05_shaders.md

  where N is 2, 3, or 4 if you want a float vector, and you can have integer
  vectors and such as well. You can even declare structs using the C style where
  it's `StructName { type1 field1; type2 field2; ... }`. We'll use the struct
  style before this lesson is over.
* The `NAME` is just a name for the variable.

In GLSL you'd normally have access to a few magical values that you can read and
write from, but not all of that translates cleanly with the `shaderc` compiler.
In our case, the thing that we need to be the most aware of is that instead of
writing to a magical `gl_Position` value during the vertex shader, we need to
declare and use a special output like this:

```glsl
layout (location = 0) out gl_PerVertex {
  vec4 gl_Position;
};
```

## Functions

Your GLSL can have any number of functions that you like, declared in the C
style where the output is on the left, then the function names and arguments.

At minimum each shader needs an "entry point", as you may recall from the
pipeline declaration we did. By tradition it's just called `main`, and that's
probably good enough so we'll go with that in our shaders.

# Adding A Vertex Attribute For Color

> So what's any of that mean for us? Well first of all we can add a color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So what does any of that mean for us? Well first of all we can add a color
```

the creation of our `HalState` and then use the time since that instant to shift
our triangle towards black.

## Add It To Our `HalState`

We first add an
[Instant](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/time/struct.Instant.html) to our
`HalState`.

Before we record the command buffer, we'll decide the current time value as an `f32`.

```rust
    // DETERMINE THE TIME DATA
    let duration = Instant::now().duration_since(self.creation_instant);
    let time_f32 = duration.as_secs() as f32 + duration.subsec_nanos() as f32 * 1e-9;
```

And just after we bind the vertex buffer, we also push the graphics constant:

```rust
        encoder.bind_vertex_buffers(0, buffers);
        encoder.push_graphics_constants(&self.pipeline_layout, ShaderStageFlags::FRAGMENT, 0, &[time_f32.to_bits()]);
```

The important part is that we have to remember to adjust our pipeline definition as well.

```rust
      let push_constants = vec![(ShaderStageFlags::FRAGMENT, 0..1)];
      let layout = unsafe {
        device
          .create_pipeline_layout(&descriptor_set_layouts, push_constants)
          .map_err(|_| "Couldn't create a pipeline layout")?
      };
```

## Add It To The Shader Code

> Adding the push constants to a shader is pretty easy, but there's a few rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the push constants to a shader is pretty easy, but there are few rules.
```

All of your push constants appear in a single block with the special layout
value of `push_constant`. This block isn't `in` or `out`, instead it's
`uniform`. After that you give a name for the block type, the block itself, and then
the name that we're going to access it under. If you haven't programmed in C

> before this might seem weird, but they think it's normal. We just have to go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
before this, it may seem weird, but they think it's normal. We just have to go
```

with it.

Since we want a single `f32` to be the time, we define it as a block that holds

> a single `float` value (the GLSL equivalent) which we'll call `time`. Then we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a single `float` value (the GLSL equivalent) which we call `time`. Then we
```
